>> REGINA MEREDITH: While
many people have not heard
of the 2012 phenomena
until relatively recently,
this information has been
circulating since the late
1970s and early '80s
in esoteric circles.
It was a time when psychic
phenomena was being studied
at universities, channeling
came into our awareness,
and the average person began
asking the bigger questions.
Jay Weidner has been on this
path throughout those decades
and has written extensively
on the subject of the larger
cycles of consciousness
as seen through the lens
of the ancients.
Today we speak about
2012, its cosmic roots,
and what it promises
as to our future.
This is so much fun.
This'll be a lively hour.
What I want to do today--
and this is a tall task--
is you're speaking on
behalf of the ancients, all
of the contemporary
authors on this subject,
and giving us an overview as to
all the different reflections
and visions of 2012.
But before we do that, for
anyone who doesn't already
know you, give us
a little background
as to how you became so
ensconced in this subject.
>> JAY WEIDNER: Well,
that's a good question.
Years ago, I was
living in Los Angeles,
and I attended a garage sale.
I was a book freak,
buying books.
And I found an
esoteric book sale.
Some old guy had
died, and he was
selling his books-- his
wife was-- for a $1 each.
And I bought 20 or 30 books and
went home, and one of the books
was called "Mystery
of the Cathedrals"
by an enigmatic anonymous
man named Fulcanelli.
And the book proposed that
the ancient Gothic cathedrals
were not built by the Catholic
Church or by popes or anything.
It was built by
Templars and alchemists
and that they were
homages to alchemy
and that the secret
of alchemy was
in the architecture of the
agent Gothic cathedrals.
I was a skeptic, a journalist,
believed in science and said,
this is just crap, so I began
to try to debunk the book.
And 20 years later,
the book debunked me,
and I became what I am now.
And in that book at the very
end, there's a last chapter,
and it's called "The
Cyclic Cross of Hendaye,"
and it talks about an ancient
cross, a 400-year-old cross,
which Fulcanelli
deciphers, and assures us
that it's talking about a
time in the near future.
"Mystery of the Cathedrals"
came out in 1926.
So the near future
there would come
a time of great
transformation of humanity,
and that if you decipher
the Cross of Hendaye the way
the Fulcanelli does, you'll be
able to tell the date and what
is going to happen.
So naturally, I got intrigued.
I flew to France and made sure
the cross was really there,
and I started looking into it.
And it was like a zip file.
I opened it up, and literally
10,000 tons of information
came through that I was not
even familiar with about Egypt,
about alchemy, about
the Sufis, about all
these different things.
And I thought I was
a pretty smart guy,
and when I found
out all this stuff,
I realized how little I
really knew about the world,
how maladjusted my
education had been.
So I began looking into
all aspects of esoteric art
and science in
order to understand
the Cross of Hendaye,
and in 1989, '90,
I deciphered it
almost all the way.
I realized that it was pointing
to the equinoxes of 2002
and saying that it was in the
mid-range of a 20-year cycle
that began in 1992
and ends in 2012.
And somewhere in
that time period
begins and ends
this transformation.
Now at the time I knew nothing
about the Mayan calendar
or any of this other stuff.
So I went back and
started looking,
and I realized that the Mayan
calendar was put out in baktuns
or 20-year cycles, 19.8-year
cycles, something like that,
and that the last baktun
indeed started in 1992 and ends
in 2012.
>> REGINA: First of all, I
want to backtrack just a sec.
Why were you intrigued
with Fulcanelli?
What kind of
knowledge did this man
possess that really set
you on such a firm path?
>> WEIDNER: The thing
that got me about "Mystery
of Cathedrals" was the
intelligence of the writer.
And it was so
overwhelming intelligent,
sort of like Stephen
Hawking on steroids,
and that I knew that
if it was a hoax it
had to be the most intelligent
hoax I've ever come against.
Two, the guy knew
things about history,
especially about the
French Revolution
and around that
time period, that
actually was impossible to know.
He knew where graffiti
was that had been removed
in the early 1800s that was in
Notre Dame Cathedral talking
about Napoleon and
the rise of Napoleon.
I thought, well,
how can this be?
And then he intimates
throughout the book
that he's several
hundred years old, right?
>> REGINA: OK.
So he is an alchemist.
>> WEIDNER: He is an
alchemist, and he was an adept,
and I believe that he was part
of a group of people who live
in the south of France who are
preserving the knowledge to be
released very slowly,
especially at this time.
>> REGINA: Tell us
about those people.
Because I was going to ask you
if he belonged to some sect
that we may know about
that might even be cloaked
as one of the secret
societies or beyond that even,
more esoteric perhaps.
>> WEIDNER: Yeah.
What happened was was that there
was an esoteric Freemasonry
that was centered
in France, and it
was usurped in around 1750,
1770, around that time period.
We don't really
know what happened.
But this group in
France was usurped
by a British Freemasonry-- a
Scottish-British Freemasonry--
and the group in France
decided that's it.
We want nothing to
do with you guys,
we're not going to give you
our secrets, you're profane,
we're sacred, and they
disappeared and went
underground, and we've
never seen them again.
However, they're pulling the
strings of history, silently,
psychically.
What Fulcanelli says is they
come into your head at night.
They pick you out, and
they come into your head,
and they give you information.
They drop books in your lap.
They do anything they can,
because that other Freemasonry
became the Illuminati.
>> REGINA: Right.
>> WEIDNER: And so this French
Freemasonry is at war with
them-- if war is not really a
struggle-- with them for us.
And the Illuminati wants to
control us and keep us asleep.
So they're the owls, and
this group is the roosters
because they want to wake us up.
So it's the roosters
and the owls,
and they're fighting each other.
Fulcanelli is a
member of this group.
What's interesting about this is
the original Harry Potter story
is actually a story
about Fulcanelli.
I did not read the
Harry Potter stories.
I saw the first movie,
and I went to see it,
and I just literally my
jaw dropped to the ground.
Because Fulcanelli's
student, Eugene Canseliet,
received a letter in 1952,
long after Fulcanelli
had left this world, saying
come to the train station
in Seville.
It was written in an
aristocratic handwriting,
this letter, with a seal on it.
And so he went to
the train station
in Seville, just like
Harry Potter receives
a letter in
aristocratic handwriting
with a seal to go
to a train station.
Only when Eugene Canseliet
went to the train station,
he was picked up by a
limousine, blindfolded,
and taken into the Pyrenees
Mountains to a castle,
just like Harry Potter, where
they were taught esoteric arts
with children all dressed
in medieval clothing,
just like Harry Potter.
OK?
And Eugene Canseliet stayed in
this place for a couple weeks,
saw Fulcanelli,
who is now 40 years
younger than he was
when he last saw him,
which was the time period
that had elapsed, or 35 years.
And Eugene Canseliet must
have failed whatever test,
because he was taken
back to the car,
blindfolded, and taken
back to the train station.
>> REGINA: [LAUGHS]
>> WEIDNER: You failed, dude.
>> REGINA: You failed.
>> WEIDNER: Yeah.
>> REGINA: OK.
Now what's interesting
here is also
the Basque language has
not yet been deciphered.
I mean, we could say most
likely because of its proximity
to what was Atlantis, is an
ancient Atlantian language,
at least in its roots.
>> WEIDNER: That's what
they will tell you,
the Basque people.
I've talked to them.
They will tell you.
>> REGINA: They
will tell you that.
OK.
>> WEIDNER: They came from
a catastrophe somewhere west
of France, and they moved there.
And the Cross of
Hendaye is actually
the third or fourth version
of the Cross of Hendaye,
because they
deteriorate after a time
and then they build a new
one, because this information
was so important to be passed
down through these things.
And so when the alchemical
revolution started in Spain
when Islam and the
Moroccans invaded Spain,
they brought all the Arab
alchemical arts to Spain.
And Europe was-- you
couldn't read and write.
It was illegal.
The Church had outlawed all
of the reading and writing.
So all the
intellectuals of Europe
came through the
town of Hendaye--
it was the only way
around the Pyrenees
to get to Spain-- to
learn the alchemical art.
So Hendaye not only is a place
right on the border with Spain
that was a passageway back and
forth between all these adepts
going back and forth, but
its name itself, Hendaye,
is like the egg day
or the beginning day
or the day that the
rooster crows, the hen-day.
And so even it's a sign of
waking up, the name itself is.
Also, you don't pronounce the
H in French, so it's en-day.
>> REGINA: En-day.
End day.
>> WEIDNER: End day.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
>> WEIDNER: It's all
a playing on words.
Because we have to remember
that English was inculcated
by these same
alchemists, John Dee,
Francis Bacon working
with Queen Elizabeth
inculcated, through
Shakespeare, English
to be the magical
language of the future.
>> REGINA: Yes.
OK.
Now we could go
down a lot of roads
because we could get into
the inception of the--
>> WEIDNER: It
all leads to 2012.
>> REGINA: It does.
You go back from the Freemasons
to the Knight Templars.
You start looking at very
special properties on some
of those peaks in the Pyrenees.
And we have some other intrigues
going on, but, as you say,
all roads lead back to
this period of time.
So let's talk for a
moment about 1970s,
when you were first getting
going, all these books.
There's a book that
you particularly
treasure by a man named
Frank Waters, right?
>> WEIDNER: Yeah.
>> REGINA: And that was
the first glimpse you saw
of reference in modern times.
>> WEIDNER: What Frank Waters
did was he was one of the first
guys to go down to Mexico, and
he learned the Mayan language
and everything.
And he was an amateur
anthropologist,
and he came up against
J. Eric Thompson's work
on the Mayan calendar.
And the problem
with Mexico mystique
was that Waters was counting--
not counting the year 0.
So you have BC to AD, OK?
And what he was doing was
he was counting-- no, he
was counting the year 0 as
if it was a full year and not
the end of one and the
beginning of the other.
And he dropped it off
at December 21, 2011
because he didn't
do the count right.
You have to do a day count.
The Mayan calendar
is in a day count.
So later scholars after Waters
did the actual day count,
forgetting the
Christian calendar,
which wasn't right anyway.
>> REGINA: The
Gregorian calendar?
Yeah.
>> WEIDNER: Gregorian calendar,
which isn't right anyway.
It's got all sorts of
days missing in it.
>> REGINA: Oh,
interesting things there.
>> WEIDNER: Yeah.
So they just did the day
count, forgot the Christian,
forgot the Western,
just did a day count,
and you ended at
December 21, 2012, OK?
Well, that's a solstice.
That's an important sacred
date in all ancient cultures.
So this is where it
stayed for about 10 years
or so, and then in the
late '80s, early '90s, '94,
'95 around that time, they began
inventing the Voyager astronomy
software.
And an enterprising
man, who later
became a friend of mine,
John Major Jenkins, who'd
written a couple books
on the Mayans, "Tzolkin"
and a couple other books,
got the Voyager software,
and he decided
that he would look
to see what the stars
were like on December 21.
>> REGINA: Now is this a
really pivotal event that this
software existed?
>> WEIDNER: It is.
>> REGINA: OK.
>> WEIDNER: Because you could
do it with armillary spheres,
like Nostradamus did,
but it doesn't tell you--
it's not as exact as software.
So he typed in
December 21, 2012,
and he went, and
he looked to see.
And then he saw that
the center of the galaxy
was crossing the rising sun on
that morning at 11:11 Universal
Standard Time.
And he went, oh my god,
what does this mean?
How could the
Mayans-- did they know
that the center of the galaxy
and the sun and the Earth
were all going to
be all in one line?
Did they know that?
How could they know that?
And so then he began
back-engineering this,
and he realized that, in
fact, on a mountaintop,
like Guatemala, southern
Mexico, on a clear night,
you can actually see the
center of the galaxy.
It's like a big cloud of stars.
And he realized that
someone with a good eyesight
could actually extrapolate
with triangulation
and come and realize when
that center of the galaxy
was going to rise
up, at what time,
and hit the sun
when it was rising
so they'd rise at the same time.
And they built the calendar
around that event, OK?
Now the thing that's important
is that they're seers.
The Mayan seers
were time travelers.
They used magic mushrooms, and
they traveled into the future.
We know this from their myths
and from the "Popol Vuh."
And so what we believe is
that, just like Nostradamus
and all seers, they all went
to the future, these diviners,
and they saw
something happening.
And they said, whoa,
this is so important we
have to build a
calendar around it.
And this is what
Jenkins' conclusion was.
It's not the alignment itself
that's causing the event,
just like noon on
the clock doesn't
mean you have to--
time to eat lunch.
You eat lunch when
you're hungry.
It just happens that
you're hungry when
the two things are
pointing up, OK?
So when this alignment
happens, it's
not necessarily
causing the event.
It's just that's the time on the
clock, the great cosmic clock
we're watching.
And so they said we've
got to make a calendar
and tell our people
in the future
that this dramatic event
is coming down line.
So I met John
Jenkins right when he
was finishing his book in '98.
>> REGINA: Is it "Cosmogenesis"?
>> WEIDNER: Yeah, "Maya
Cosmogenesis 2012."
And I had just finished
my book, "The Mysteries
of the Great Cross of Hendaye."
And so we were living
in the same city,
and we began talking.
And he was blown
away by my research,
and I was blown away
by his research.
And then I decided that one
of the leads that I had gotten
from the Great
Cross of Hendaye was
that there was a cross in Peru,
where the same symbols were
on that cross.
So I went to Peru
to find that cross,
and I found a cross that
had been broken and defaced.
So I did not find the cross.
But what I did find was the
Incan people and the Q'ero
people, and so I
began talking to them.
And they told me that they
have a prophecy about 2012.
Now this is '98 now, '98.
So I spent many hours talking
to them in their hut, these two
shamans, and they call
it the Pachacuti, which
means the tearing of
the veil between worlds
that would begin
happening in 2012.
And they said that it would
start in the United States,
that for some
reason this was all
going to be based in
the United States,
and that the United
States was going
to learn how to change
from a people of the brain
to a people of the
heart, and that
would lead the world to
this next thing that's
going to happen.
It will start in 1992 and
will go on to 2030 or 2035
before this is over, an
incredibly tumultuous time,
which will appear to most
of the people living in it
like it's the end of the world.
But to the
enlightened ones, they
will see that, no, it's
not the end of the world.
It's the beginning of the world.
It just looks like
the end of the world.
>> REGINA: And what you're
saying is really key,
this whole notion that we move
from the head to the heart.
>> WEIDNER: Right.
>> REGINA: And we can
already see this happening
in the United States.
>> WEIDNER: We can.
>> REGINA: No
matter where you go,
people are starting to say of
all ages that this is painful.
Life has become dry and
heartless and painful.
You hear that everywhere.
>> WEIDNER: Yep.
>> REGINA: And so the tearing
down of these structures is
really what they
were talking about.
We're going to go through
each of these beings, each
of these different, well,
people and also societies
and talk about their
specific vision
as to what had to
be torn asunder
and what has to take its place.
So let's start with
the Mayan and how
they visioned what this
period would look like
and what would have
to be given way to.
>> WEIDNER: Yeah.
The thing that's important to
understand about all of this
is that human beings, I hate to
say it, are basically lazy, OK?
And they won't really get off
the couch unless they have to.
>> REGINA: We
learn through pain.
>> WEIDNER: We do.
>> REGINA: Sadly, we
learn through pain.
>> WEIDNER: Exactly.
And it's through catastrophe-- a
divorce, death of a loved one--
that you shed old
possibilities and begin
to look at new possibilities.
It's the painful
thing that caused it.
And believe me, getting fired
from a job can be terrible,
but actually it can also
be a liberating experience.
And so what happened is
is that this thing that's
happening in 2012 had to
be preceded by catastrophe.
So I was waiting for a
catastrophe to happen.
Honestly, I was.
>> REGINA: You could say
it's a train wreck right now.
>> WEIDNER: It is.
We're in the train wreck.
>> REGINA: We're
in the train wreck.
>> WEIDNER: Yeah.
And so I predicted
that there was
going to be a catastrophe
on The History Channel
and on all these TV shows and
everything, and it happened.
And everybody thought I was
some kind of prognosticator.
All you had do is
look at the world
to know that this thing
was not going to last.
It was not sustainable.
OK.
So now we're in the catastrophe,
starting in 2008-- really
starting in 2001.
Now 2008, we're really
in the thick of it.
>> REGINA: And this
is important to say,
because a lot of people were
waiting for the big polarity
shift where
everything goes dark.
Most of the people on the planet
end up deceased and the like.
It doesn't have to be
that dramatic at all.
The reality is our
survival is oriented
toward the systems that
exist, toward money, security.
Those things have
been torn asunder.
>> WEIDNER: They're
all going away.
>> REGINA: And is this more what
you were referring to was these
systems, not necessarily
the natural cataclysms?
>> WEIDNER: Actually, I think
there could be a natural
cataclysm.
I'm not going to deny
that that could happen.
>> REGINA: Well, we have
a lot of activity, yeah.
>> WEIDNER: But we are natural.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
>> WEIDNER: And so we're
having a cataclysm,
so it's a natural cataclysm.
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> WEIDNER: And so
we let it happen.
Just like some people
let a divorce happen,
they know their marriage
is falling apart,
but they don't do
anything about it
because they kind of secretly
want it to end disastrously,
because then that way
they're liberated.
That's what we're in right now.
We are falling into a
disaster of our own making,
and it's going to force
us to find our way out
of it by being in
the disaster itself.
>> REGINA: Right.
And the thing is, you mentioned
something a moment ago,
because we allowed it to
happen, because we chose it,
there was talk at that
time-- I know even
in the esoteric circles I was
in 30 years ago, 20 years ago--
that we could change.
We had the power to
cha-- and I didn't really
fully grock it
until more recently.
We had the power to change
some of these outcomes,
even in terms of physical
cataclysms on the planet,
had we been able to ratchet it
up in our own consciousness.
>> WEIDNER: That's right.
>> REGINA: And it was even said
in a couple of places that,
had we been able
to rise to that,
there are certain events
that would have been avoided
physically.
>> WEIDNER: That's right.
>> REGINA: Whether
they're tsunami,
whether they're earthquakes that
have yet to be, we don't know.
>> WEIDNER: We don't.
>> REGINA: There may be
some that have been averted.
We don't know.
>> WEIDNER: We don't know.
I think there have.
I think the fact that
we went through 40
years of a nuclear stare
down with the Soviet Union
and we didn't have anything
go off or anything happen,
I think we changed the timeline.
And we can change the timeline.
It's possible to
change the future,
if you so desire to
change the future.
Because the future
is in the now.
You change your timeline now,
and then the future is changed.
>> REGINA: Stephen
Hawking, right?
>> WEIDNER: That's right.
That's what this is
really all about.
There's never been a year in the
history of the human race that
has been greeted with more
anticipation than 2012.
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> WEIDNER: OK?
There was a collective
consciousness
was focusing in on a year in,
which never really happened
before.
And maybe 2000, the
year 2000 millennium.
But this was more of
a spiritual thing,
and it wasn't hooked to, like,
2 with three 0's behind it.
It was an odd year.
Why is the whole world getting
in such a ruff over this year?
And we're concentrating
on the year,
and we're saying to ourselves,
well, what do we want to be?
We're looking into
the future and saying,
what do we want to be?
Where are we going to be?
What are we going to be?
And that's never
happened before.
And the other thing that's going
on here which cannot be denied
is that exactly 20 years
ago, one baktun ago,
in 1992 was also the
beginning of the internet,
which has just destroyed the
old paradigms completely.
Just as surely as
Gutenberg's press
destroyed the Catholic Church
and in the royalty of Europe,
so too will the internet destroy
the politicians and the bankers
and everything that's
going on today.
So the internet has not
smartened us up yet,
but it's putting us on
the road to smartening up.
That's what's really going on.
We will achieve wisdom,
collective wisdom,
by 2020, 2025.
The world is going to be
very, very different place.
>> REGINA: It has to be.
>> WEIDNER: It will be.
>> REGINA: If the frequencies
of the planet are changing,
if we're going through a literal
dimensional or subdimensional,
depending on who you listen
to, shift to a higher order,
you can't be on the planet
unless you keep in step
on a vibrational level, right?
So consciousness has to change.
>> WEIDNER: I would think that
maybe a lot of people are going
to die, actually, because
they're not going to be able
to handle the
changes and the vibe.
But for us, it's going to be--
the ones who are greeting it
with exaltation and
enthusiasm, it's
going to be a really
wonderful world.
And that's my message is
greet it with happiness,
because there's nothing
you can do about it.
>> REGINA: Exactly.
>> WEIDNER: Get in there
and try to change it.
>> REGINA: So get
excited about it--
>> WEIDNER: Exactly.
>> REGINA: --and then dream
about what's on the other side
of this period of time.
>> WEIDNER: What can we do here?
>> REGINA: I totally
agree with you.
OK.
We've talked a little
bit about the Maya.
John Major Jenkins also
felt that this was not
going to be a tipping
point in terms
of physical cataclysm but
an internal consciousness
cataclysmic event
that would then
help us transform
ourselves, right?
>> WEIDNER: Yeah.
I agree.
>> REGINA: That was his.
Now let's talk about
Jose Arguelles,
because he's really
central to this story,
and we love what he
brought to the world.
He's no longer with us now.
>> WEIDNER: Yeah, he is.
Jose was a-- People
get irritated by Jose,
or they did when he was alive.
And I would always
say, you know what?
You're not approaching
Jose the right way.
Jose is an artist.
He's not a scientist.
>> REGINA: Right.
>> WEIDNER: This is art.
This is art.
You're judging art
by the same premium
that you judge science or truth.
This is art.
This is consciousness
transmuted through art,
and his books are works of art.
And so Jose was brilliant
at evoking the intuitive
nature of 2012 and what's
going to happen here
on a not just indigenous
but deep down in the heart.
And he knew what
was going to happen,
so he created his books and
his calendars and things
so that this transition
would be easier.
Was Jose always
correct on everything?
No, he wasn't.
None of us are.
But was he in his
heart showing us
the path towards what
we want to be post-2012?
Absolutely.
We want to do the moon
calendar is a brilliant idea.
We should be going back
to the cycles of the moon,
getting away from the
solar calendar, which
is what he advocated.
All the things that he was
talking about-- the destruction
of the capitalist
system is going
to happen-- the whole
thing is going to happen.
It's just not going
to be quite as
easy as Jose made it out to be.
>> REGINA: Yeah, exactly.
And Jose was really-- we
have to remember, too,
that everything that's been left
for us is in the form of art.
The artists were the
visionaries and the mystics.
>> WEIDNER: They are.
>> REGINA: And so he
came in, his purpose.
He understood his purpose,
what now, 55, 60 years ago
when he almost was
nailed to the ground when
he first experienced
Machu Picchu
and knew what his
life was about,
what he was supposed
to bring forward.
And as an artist, a
brilliant artist and poet,
I think he did a
world of service
in creating the
beautiful view of what
the potential is in this.
>> WEIDNER: I agree.
>> REGINA: And the thing you
talked about a bit ago, too--
I did an interview with him just
before he died about calendar,
and I asked him this, and he was
a little taken back to answer.
And I said, Jose, when you
speak of the Gregorian calendar
versus the Mayan
calendar, he said
the problem is it
puts us completely out
of sync with ourselves.
>> WEIDNER: That's right.
>> REGINA: You can't have
unnatural cycles and still feel
any internal
coherence of rhythm.
And then he said-- I said to
him, was this done by design?
Were there those who were
intending to keep humanity out
of our own rhythm, and thus
your commitment to promoting
the Mayan calendar and
natural cycles of life?
And he said, yes, I do
believe those people did it
intentionally.
>> WEIDNER: I agree.
>> REGINA: Do you?
>> WEIDNER: Yeah, I do.
I think that they
have done everything
they can, whoever they are,
to throw us out of nature,
to get as far away from
nature as possible.
If I didn't know better,
I'd say the people
that run the world hate nature,
I mean absolutely hate it,
just hate it.
They think it's dirty.
It's filthy.
It's got insects.
It gets you dirty.
The food is bad.
I really do.
I think there's something
wrong with the people running
the world, and they have
no feeling for nature.
>> REGINA: Right.
>> WEIDNER: And they
don't care about nature.
>> REGINA: We did this interview
recently with Jim Robbins,
just our connection with
the trees, with the air,
with the water alone,
this is our tuning fork.
This is what allows us to
open up and blossom even
intuitively, no less keep
the rest of our systems
alive and healthy.
And we're going to go to
a break in just a minute,
but I'll just add
one little thing.
We had Laura Alden Kamm
on recently, who is really
quite-- she has quite an
ability to see beyond timelines
and such, and she was
talking about this,
that we're sitting
at this precipice.
You talked about this
choice point a moment ago.
One choice is we can keep
being lazy, as you call it,
and go down this
technological chute
to this dry,
nature-denuded future,
or we can start feeling
our own hope and potential
and go the other way.
And she has an opinion on that.
We'll talk about that
when we come back.
We'll be back in just a sec.
Welcome to the next evolution
of Conscious Media Network.
Some of you have been with
us throughout our journey.
And now, as a result of our
partnership with gaiamtv.com,
we're able to reach
more independent,
progressive thinkers like you.
In addition to the hundreds
of interviews for CMN,
I'm now able to do twice as
many interviews each month
with the leading visionaries
and authors of our time.
This is possible because of
Gaiam TV's genuine commitment
to preserve and expand this kind
of groundbreaking information.
>> JOAN BORYSENKO: I have a
great deal of faith that this
universe is a friendly place.
>> REGINA: In fact, gaiamtv.com
is destined to become
the largest portal
of conscious media,
intended to awaken and inspire.
>> JEAN HOUSTON: We don't
just live in the universe.
The universe lives in us.
>> REGINA: I could not be
happier with this partnership
and the possibilities that
lie ahead for all of us.
>> DR. JOE DISPENZA: Most people
really are thinking the same
way every day, acting the same
way, and feeling the same way,
but really hoping something
will show up differently
in their life,
and it never does.
>> REGINA: Other well-known
faces in the alternative media
scene will also be collaborating
with gaiamtv.com to provide
even more perspectives.
>> RICHARD C. HOAGLAND: Did
the Mayans understand about
hyperdimensional
torsion field physics?
I think I can prove they did.
>> REGINA: In addition to my
live interviews from Gaiam TV
studios, Scott and I will still
be traveling around the world
for other exclusive interviews.
>> HARVEY BIGELSEN: You've
got pharmaceutical commercials
telling you go to
see your doctor this,
go to tell your doctor that.
It's a brainwashing.
>> REGINA: Meanwhile, I wanted
to give you a quick preview
of gaiamtv.com so you can see
what's being made available
for you as a result
of this partnership.
>> MICHAEL TELLINGER:
This is a late 1400s.
When they asked the
local African tribes who
built these structures, the
answer was we don't know.
Now that is not what you'll
read in history books today.
I have a big problem with that.
>> REGINA: You'll find curated,
consciousness-expanding films,
thought-provoking documentaries,
engaging TV shows,
and much more.
Please join us for
the next evolution
of consciousness media.
Welcome back.
And just because we left you on
a little bit of a cliffhanger,
the one thing that
Laura said that day--
and we'll get
into, at the end, I
want to hear your own
assessment of this
as well-- is she sees us,
at this point in 2012,
she sees the high road
actually winning out.
When she looks
beyond timelines, she
doesn't see that
we're going to end up
down that chute, down the
the technological chute.
She sees us rising to it,
which that's good news.
>> WEIDNER: I really
hope that's true.
I really do.
I'm working very hard in my own
life to make sure that's true.
They, the people
running the world,
however, really seem
to want to go down
the techno crypto fascist route.
>> REGINA: Oh, absolutely.
It doesn't mean we
have to follow, right?
>> WEIDNER: No, we don't.
>> REGINA: This world is full--
>> WEIDNER: And that's
what Gaiam TV's about.
>> REGINA: --of rebels.
Exactly.
OK.
Now there are many other events.
Let's quickly go
through and talk
about the Hopi
and the Blue Star.
Let's talk about what that
is within this 2012 matrix.
>> WEIDNER: Well, the Hopi say
that at the end of the cycle
a blue star called the
Kachina will come into the sky
and shine at night, and
you'll be able to see it.
And a lot of people have
wondered what that is.
Paul LaViolette says that it's a
safer explosion from the center
of the galaxy, which
is just a brightening
up of the center of the galaxy,
which will look like an eye
and will be blue because it
will be in that color shift.
And that fits in well with
what the Cross of Hendaye says.
And a little bit complicated,
but the center of the galaxy
is 26,000 lightyears
from the Earth.
So that means it takes
26,000 years for the light
to hit our eyes, right?
OK.
The precession of
the equinox, the time
that it takes the Earth
to go through one loop
is 26,000 years.
260, which is a
harmonic of 26,000
is the sacred Mayan number, OK?
260 days is how
long it takes you
to gestate inside
your mother's womb.
>> REGINA: So we're talking
about the process of creation.
>> WEIDNER: We are.
>> REGINA: As above, so below.
>> WEIDNER: Absolutely.
The Mayans knew that the 260 was
the sacred number of gestation,
and so the 26,000 years is the
gestation of the human race.
What's interesting
about this was
is that Ben Franklin did
a magic square in which
every single-- a magic square
is where you have eight
by eight, like a chessboard,
and then numbers are in it,
and every single
row adds up to 260,
no matter which
way you go in this.
So he also, somehow,
knew-- possibly
because he was connected with
the same group of people--
knew that the 260 was associated
with this transformation.
And the final
number is 26, which
is also a harmonic
of this whole thing,
with the number of
creation in the Kabbalah.
All right?
So we can see that there is
almost no doubt that there
was an ancient worldwide
society that was extremely
advanced that collapsed
somehow, and the remnants
of that information were found
in Europe, were found in Peru,
were found in America,
the United States,
with the Cherokee and the Hopi,
in Mexico with the Mayans,
in Tibet.
The Tibetans also have
a prophecy about 2012.
And this society, this
ancient, advanced civilization,
maybe not technologically
advanced, but spiritually
advanced, knew that
something profound
was going to happen right
now at this time period.
>> REGINA: And when
you speak of that,
maybe not technologically
advanced as we know technology.
>> WEIDNER: Exactly.
That's what I meant.
>> REGINA: They may have been
very technologically advanced,
but they could, essentially,
achieve it all without the need
for external stuff.
>> WEIDNER: They didn't
need electricity.
>> REGINA: They didn't need
electricity to do that.
OK.
Now we talk about-- people start
confusing things sometimes--
and maybe it's not a confusion.
Maybe I'm confused.
The whole notion of
Nibiru coming through
at roughly around
this time as well,
does this fit into the story?
>> WEIDNER: It could.
I don't know what to make of
Nibiru because of the problems
with gravitational pull.
If it kept coming through
every 3,600 years,
our solar system would
be really scrambled up.
It's sort of scrambled up,
so there is some evidence
that something bad is going on.
But I think more likely the
asteroid belt was a planet,
and it blew up, and that
caused the scrambling--
>> REGINA: Well, just for--
>> WEIDNER: --of
the solar system.
>> REGINA: --anyone out there
who's waiting for Nibiru--
>> WEIDNER: Nibiru.
>> REGINA: --to come and whack
us one and basically knock us
off-kilter and kill us all, also
there are some phenomena that
exists within the cosmos.
There's attraction, repulsion.
We don't bump into each other
cosmically for a reason.
>> WEIDNER: That's right.
>> REGINA: We have
protections in place.
>> WEIDNER: We do.
>> REGINA: And we really
shouldn't be-- personally,
I'm not focusing whatsoever
on having something basically
smash into us at this point.
>> WEIDNER: Tom Van
Flandern, he's an astronomer.
His book about the fifth
planet blowing up and causing
all the wackiness in the solar
system, very likely a big chunk
of that planet
could have gone off
into a long elliptical orbit
and be the Nibiru by now.
>> REGINA: But we don't have
to sit and wait for it to come
colliding.
>> WEIDNER: I would advise
everyone to not wait
for a catastrophe from without.
I would worry about
things that you
have to worry about,
like what are you
going to do about your
life, your family,
your spiritual life,
and that kind of thing.
>> REGINA: Absolutely.
>> WEIDNER: Much more important.
>> WEIDNER: That's
the kicker, actually,
when we get down to it.
Still, as we're
talking historically,
let's talk about the Egyptians.
Where did this show
up in Egyptology?
>> WEIDNER: Yeah.
That's really the
most fascinating thing
is that it's called
the Zep Tepi, which
is Egyptian for the first time.
And the Egyptians have
a fresco hieroglyph
which shows the four
signs of the zodiac
exactly as we know them,
except that Scorpio
is an eagle instead
of a scorpion, which
is exactly what it
was 2,000 years ago.
It wasn't a scorpion;
it was an eagle.
And so it has a man, a
lion, a bull, and an eagle,
and it calls this
the first time.
Well, those four symbols are the
four fixed signs of the zodiac.
The lion is Leo, the bull is
Taurus, the man is Aquarius,
and the eagle is Scorpio.
What's interesting about that
is that those are the four faces
Ezekiel sees in
the Old Testament
and also the four faces that
John sees, John the Divine,
in the Apocalypse.
And what they're
both intimating is
that when we go into one
of these four fixed signs,
you better buckle
your seat belt.
>> REGINA: So which sign are we
in, which of the fixed signs?
>> WEIDNER: We're
going into Aquarius.
We probably already
have passed into it.
>> REGINA: Yes, Age of Aquarius.
>> WEIDNER: Aquarius
is very interesting,
because it's the only one
that's a man-- or a human.
She or he, depending
on how you look at it,
is carrying a vase of water, OK?
Water is not only
the only thing that
activates DNA, which
implies some kind of shift,
like the 260 implies a shift,
but also the secret of alchemy
has been predicted to return
when man can figure out
how to make the elixir
out of a vase of water,
the elixir of life, the
elixir of longevity.
OK?
So if, say, the
secret of longevity
was discovered around
this time period, which
I can tell you is
very likely, think
what would happen if
tomorrow you woke up
and you found Angelina
Jolie on YouTube advertising
that she had been
given a white powder--
>> REGINA: I was just
going to ask you about it.
>> WEIDNER: --and she
hasn't aged 10 years.
You would, of course,
immediately buy the powder.
>> REGINA: You're talking
about the white gold, ORMUS.
>> WEIDNER: I am.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
>> WEIDNER: It's not ORMUS.
It's an electrolyte that
is very easy to explain,
and maybe we'll do
another show on it.
But what would
happen to the world
if suddenly everybody
lived to be 400 years old--
and it was cheap?
OK.
There'd be no more war.
You're thinking nobody's
going to go fight in any wars,
if they got another 340--
>> REGINA: There would
health care reform.
>> WEIDNER: There would
be health care reform.
No one would be
polluting, because you
got to drink that water
250 years from now, OK?
Your life would take on an
essence of-- all that anxiety
that everyone feels
would disappear,
because you got
a long way to go.
>> REGINA: Life is long.
>> WEIDNER: Long.
>> REGINA: It's
not short anymore.
>> WEIDNER: You take 50
years to go to college.
You don't have children
until you're 140.
So that could be the
progenitor of the Golden Age,
just a simple thing like that.
Fulcanelli assures us
that this does exist,
and Canseliet saw
him when he was 140,
and he looked like
he was about 40.
So I believe we're on the
edge of this discovery
and that that discovery
alone could do it,
could change everything,
change the way
we look at the world
and everything.
So alchemy and all of
this is all intertwined.
What's interesting
about all of this
is this is the first
time in history
that you can talk about
the elixir of life
and alchemy openly
on TV and not have
to worry about going in
front of the Inquisition,
not have to worry about
being burned at the stake.
Because they don't
care about us anymore.
They think what we
talk about is stupid,
that we're all a bunch of
retards, and we're not.
We're talking about
something serious,
but they're discounting us.
That's the perfect
moment for us to strike.
>> REGINA: Absolutely.
>> WEIDNER: When we have
the internet on our side,
and we have their own
stupidity on our side.
And I think that's
what's about to happen.
I think a bunch
of things are all
going to come out at once,
free energy, longevity.
>> REGINA: Oh, they're poised.
>> WEIDNER: Yeah.
>> REGINA: It's already there.
>> WEIDNER: It is.
>> REGINA: It's only
lacking support, funding.
And also, I think--
>> WEIDNER: Publicity.
>> REGINA: --scientists, they're
still getting past the Dark
Ages, in which the darker
forces, the Black Ops,
whatever you want to call them,
arms of various governments,
would simply kill them on
behalf of the corporate interest
to keep certain
industries going.
>> WEIDNER: Absolutely.
>> REGINA: So we know that we're
ending that period of time now.
And we know from our own work
there is almost no device that
hasn't already been created.
>> WEIDNER: That's right.
What we have to do is
we have to say, OK,
if you have the elixir
of life, release it.
Release it for free.
>> REGINA: Right.
>> WEIDNER: If you've got
free energy, release it.
Release it for free.
The time of getting money for
these things is long gone.
>> REGINA: And I think a lot
of the people we know are doing
that now.
>> WEIDNER: They are.
>> REGINA: They're just saying,
hey, I know time is short.
>> WEIDNER: It is short.
>> REGINA: When it comes to this
transition and taking this road
versus this road, time
does feel short to them.
>> WEIDNER: That's right.
I want to address that
just for a second.
Because, you see,
there's something
funny about the Golden Age in
which you get the knowledge,
you have an epiphinal moment,
and you get the knowledge,
but like a dream you
start forgetting it
as soon as you get it.
And that's why they
built the Pyramids
and the Gothic cathedrals.
They're trying to ensconce
this stuff in rock
so that they don't forget it.
>> REGINA: That's right.
>> WEIDNER: So we could hit this
point and then immediately go
into kind of amnesia
and begin forgetting.
So it's really important for
us to really pound it home
that this is happening.
>> REGINA: This is
the golden moment.
>> WEIDNER: This is
the golden moment,
and everybody out there has to--
really has to take the chain
and grab it and pull it.
Because if we all go
do it at the same time,
then the insurance
that it will happen
is more increased, whereas
if we don't work together
and we rule by the Old
World standards of greed,
then we're for sure going
to be in a catastrophe.
>> REGINA: And yet,
when you say that,
we know most people watch
the networks or cable TV--
>> WEIDNER: They
shouldn't be doing that.
>> REGINA: --rather
than Gaiam TV.
>> WEIDNER: That's right.
>> REGINA: But Gaiam TV, we're
relatively new on the scene,
and we're getting support
increasing by the day.
But nonetheless,
the average person
isn't aware of a
lot of these things.
So that brings us to the
subject of the tipping point.
>> WEIDNER: Yeah.
>> REGINA: And tell me
your feelings on that.
There've been books written
about the tipping point.
What are the percentages?
Gregg Braden was
doing that-- what?
10, 15 years ago--
in one of his books.
What is your take on the
tipping point phenomenon?
>> WEIDNER: Yeah.
Well, that brings me
to another subject
that I wanted to
talk about, which
is an historical book called
"The Fourth Turning" by Howe
and Strauss.
It came out in the '90s.
What they did was they
realized-- don't forget,
the Inca told--
the Q'ero told me
it was going to start
in the United States,
this thing was going to
start in the United States.
Well, what Howe and
Strauss done was
they realized that every 85
years, or every generation,
the United States goes
through a revolution.
1776, we had a revolution.
85 years later, we
had the Civil War.
85 years later, we had the
Great Depression, World War II.
And 85 years later is--
>> REGINA: Now.
>> WEIDNER: --now.
And they predict what's going
to happen to the United States
in this time period
20 years ago,
and they say that
about 2008 they're
going to have an
economic collapse.
>> REGINA: Now
they're not into--
>> WEIDNER: They're
not spiritual.
>> REGINA: --Mayan
cosmology or anything else?
>> WEIDNER: Just historians.
>> REGINA: Right.
>> WEIDNER: Right?
And they say that absolutely
incredible, possibly even
violent revolution could
happen in the United
States between 2008 and 2020--
notice that 2012 falls right
in there-- and
that this is going
to be the humdinger
of all of them,
that all the previous three
turnings, the revolution
against Europe, the freeing of
the slaves in the Civil War,
and then the centralized
banking, which
caused the Depression,
all these things are
going to come to
play, and we're going
to work it out in
the fourth turning.
And that is done
by the internet,
and that's how we
know everything
that's going to be happening.
We know now about currency.
We know what the Fed is
really doing with our money.
We know that we're
being ripped off.
>> REGINA: Transparency
is beginning.
>> WEIDNER: And everybody-- all
the intelligent people on Earth
all are reaching the same
conclusions about reality all
at the same time
because of the internet.
And that is going
to push it over.
That's the turning point.
I call it the rebellion
of the intelligent.
It's not going to be 40%
or 80% of the people.
It's going to be
about 5%, and they're
going to be the smartest people.
And they're on the internet
right now every day,
and they're going, damn,
I'm getting mad about this.
I'm figuring this out, and
it's not making me happy.
And you know what?
I'm realizing there's a
whole lot of other people
that are just like
me figuring it out,
and they're not very happy.
And then we, the leading
edge of this group,
are going to say
enough's enough.
And we will have a collective
wisdom at that point
where we will say, listen,
centralized power is not
a smart move.
Dropping depleted
uranium on children
is not really very wise.
Having centralized
banking is stupid.
Having GMOs on all these
things is not smart.
And we're reaching all these
conclusions at the same time.
The corporate world
is freaking out.
They stopped Prop 37 by dropping
almost $50 million into it.
That means we're winning.
>>REGINA: Explain Prop 37
for those who don't know.
>> WEIDNER: Prop 37 is
the anti-GMO labeling law.
It wasn't saying outlawing GMOs.
It was merely saying that
they should be on a label.
>> REGINA: Right.
>> WEIDNER: Right?
And still they spent almost
$50 million to destroy it.
That means we're winning.
That means that they have
to be reduced to corruption
and bribery in order
to get their way.
They can no longer convince
us through propaganda.
We are winning this war,
and we are going to win it.
>> REGINA: It's true.
It seems that the
subtleties are gone,
the subtle
manipulations are gone,
and now it's
bludgeoning people--
>> WEIDNER: They are.
>> REGINA: --bullying
and bludgeoning.
>> WEIDNER: Yeah, like
the war with Iran.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
>> WEIDNER: It used
to be very subtle.
Oh, they have nuclear weapons.
Let's go get them.
Nobody buys that anymore.
>> REGINA: Right.
>> WEIDNER: We bought
that with Iraq.
It didn't work.
So now they're trying all
sorts of different things,
and none of that's working.
>> REGINA: No, none
of it is working.
>> WEIDNER: No.
>> REGINA: OK.
So.
Now, let's-- before-- I want to
get into some of the biblical
references in Revelations
and all that about this time
as well.
So let's go first
to Nostradamus.
OK?
>> WEIDNER: Yep.
The most famous quatrain of the
last 200 years of Nostradamus,
I think it's 4-72, and
it's-- the king of terror--
I'm going to paraphrase.
It's a quatrain, it's
a four line prophecy.
The king of terror-- In
7/1999, the king of terror
shall reign in the
skies, and war will come.
So in September, 7-- sept
is 7-- September of 1999,
we're all waiting for
this thing to happen,
and it didn't happen, because
none of Nostradamus' quatrains
are what you think they are.
>> REGINA: Well, they were
also done in an encoded way.
>> WEIDNER: Exactly.
>> REGINA: Because this
was during the Inquisition.
>> WEIDNER: He didn't
want to get found out.
>> REGINA: Right.
>> WEIDNER: OK.
But also he's
trying to teach you
that psychic
ability is possible.
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> WEIDNER: Because you don't
know the quatrain until after
it's happened.
>> REGINA: Right.
>> WEIDNER: OK?
So it came and went.
We're like,
Nostradamus was wrong.
Right?
OK.
So then we go up forward two
years to September, 2001,
and a king of terror
did come from the skies,
and war did come.
So was he two years off?
The answer is no.
He wasn't two years off.
He was disguising the quatrain.
So you take the
year 7/1999, right?
Invert the 1, the
9, the 9, and the 9,
and it becomes 9, 1, 1, 1.
OK?
You have to do a little
bit of inversion,
but he picks the date perfectly.
9/11/2001, the king of terror
shall come from the skies,
and war will come.
That was his 2012 quatrain.
That was his warning
about this time period,
that this time period would
start with that event,
that that event was going to
cause the catastrophe that
was going to lead to
what he called the Great
Bifurcation, where the human
race splits into two, one
completely asleep, following
the owls, one completely awake,
following the roosters.
>> REGINA: What do you then--
since you brought it up--
I wasn't going to-- but the
notion of the split world,
the notion of the two Earths--
this is something that Dolores
Cannon has gotten into
quite a bit in her work,
and in the 1980s a certain
one of esoteric circles I was
associated with at that time--
that was something that came up
then 30 years ago--
>> WEIDNER: Oh, yeah.
>> REGINA: --which was already
people are beginning to migrate
to one world or the
other and that--
and this is important
to note in that--
that another world
has been created.
>> WEIDNER: It has.
>> REGINA: We don't all have to
incarnate to the same planet.
And the other world
has very carefully
been created for this period
of time in which, as you say,
this species would go through
kind of a consciousness split.
And what was told to me
30 years ago about that
is not to look on
that as a bad thing.
It was simply a time-- It's
as though you're taking people
that are in a classroom
with one level of knowledge
and another level of
knowledge and you're
making two classrooms, and
there's no punishment in that.
>> WEIDNER: That's right.
>> REGINA: There's
grace in everything.
There's a chance to
continue learning
what you need to learn.
>> WEIDNER: Yeah.
The 12th graders have to be
tolerant of the 2nd graders.
>> REGINA: That's right.
>> WEIDNER: Because
they're not really stupid;
they just don't know.
>> REGINA: That's right.
Ignorance is simply
just to not know.
>> WEIDNER: Yeah.
And I think it's up to us, the
rebellion of the intelligent,
the intelligent people
who are beginning
to figure all this out, to be
extremely tolerant and patient
with those people
who don't understand.
So when you're going home
over the holidays or whatever,
just because your relatives
are dumb as a bag of rocks,
you have to just
slowly help them along.
>> REGINA: I want to say
something about that.
I got in this conversation
recently about someone
near and dear, and she appears
to not be as, certainly,
well-educated on
a lot of things.
But what this person
has is our holy grail.
She has no judgment and
love and compassion.
She has one of the
most pristine hearts.
>> WEIDNER: Yep.
>> REGINA: Everybody makes
fun of her for having little
knowledge.
And I look at that and
say, hold on a minute.
The raising of the
frequencies has
to do very much with what's
happening on a frequency
heart-generated level.
She has that in spades.
If she never learned
a thing about 2012
or any of this stuff
we do here at Gaiam,
she's already ahead of most.
>> WEIDNER: Oh, I know.
I get so frustrated.
I'll meet somebody who
will be channelling,
and they'll know
absolutely nothing.
Yet their channeling is
absolutely perfect for what
30 years of my scholarly
research has found.
I'm like, well, why
didn't I just sit
down in the lotus
position 30 years
ago and just start
channeling, and I
wouldn't have to read the
10,000 books that I read?
But everybody has a different--
>> REGINA: It
comes down to that.
>> WEIDNER: --way, yeah.
>> REGINA: It's great
to be brilliant.
It's great to have a great mind.
But in the end,
the only thing that
takes you through a transition
into a higher frequency
is being of a higher frequency,
which always comes back
to love and nonjudgment.
And that gets us to Revelations.
>> WEIDNER: Yep.
>> REGINA: OK.
Let's talk about
Revelations, and we'll
bring a little of
Rocco Errico into it.
>> WEIDNER: Yeah.
What's interesting
about Revelations
is what most people
don't realize
is that the Book of
Revelation was not
written by John of Patmos.
It was a best-seller, believe
it or not, at that time,
and it was written by
Isis the Prophetess.
It was written 500 years before
John of Patmos even existed.
500 BC it was written.
And it was a prophecy
for the future written
by this prophet,
this Egyptian woman,
and it was called the
Revelation of Isis and Osiris.
And if you read Revelation,
the woman on the moon,
the crescent moon and all
the symbols, that's all Isis.
He's talking about Isis.
And the Catholic Church
has these treatises saying,
what is he talking about?
Obviously he's
talking about Isis,
and you guys don't know
what you're talking about.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
>> WEIDNER: So 500
years before Jesus,
this woman came forth with all
these revelations about what
would happen, and she
specifically says that this
gigantic change that's going to
happen is going to happen when
the angel with four
faces shows up.
The four faces are the four
fixed The next fixed sign
after 2500 BC is Aquarius.
So she's talking about then.
The next time that
this happens, this
is going to be the time,
the greatest time, the Zep
Tepi, the first time.
In other words,
it repeats itself.
>> REGINA: And when
you talk about that--
a bit ago you were talking about
the fact that Aquarius shows
itself symbolically
as the water bearer,
and you were talking about
the DNA and the white powder
and the ways in which we're
going to begin utilizing
the fluids within our body
and without in a new way--
could it also mean deluge?
>> WEIDNER: It could.
And like I said--
>> REGINA: I'm just saying
because it's happened before,
just about shaking and rattling
and tsunamis and that kind
of thing, is that part of it?
>> WEIDNER: We're going
through that right now.
There's more earthquakes
and tsunamis and hurricanes
that are bigger
than ever before.
I don't really think it's
mandate global warming.
I think it has to
do with the sun.
The sun literally goes
through a 26,000-year cycle,
and it heats up and it cools
down and changes color and all
of that.
And so we're going
through that right now.
The sun is white.
When I was young,
the sun was yellow.
I'm a photographer, and
I used to have to use--
>> REGINA: A lot of people
talk about this, by the way.
>> WEIDNER: Oh, yeah.
It's white now.
It has definitely changed
color in 40 or 45 years
since I've been
photographing the sun.
I have to use filters
now, neutral densities
to tone it down.
The sun is brighter
than it used to be.
And so the sun-- we know that
white is hotter than yellow,
OK?
So the sun is heating
up somehow, some way,
for some reason.
>> REGINA: And we know the
sun is central to this theme
of 2012 and our transition.
>> WEIDNER: Of course it is.
It's the time of the fifth sun.
>> REGINA: And it does affect
the waters of the planet
and everything else.
>> WEIDNER: That's right.
And as above, so below.
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> WEIDNER: So the sun
gets angry, we get angry.
The sun doesn't get
angry, we don't get angry.
And I think the sun is in
an angry phase right now,
a catastrophic phase.
But that doesn't mean
it's going to last.
It will cool down again,
and we'll go back to normal.
>> REGINA: So now we get into
looking more toward how this
blend of information from
the past comes together.
We've already touched
on a lot of it.
>> WEIDNER: Yeah.
>> REGINA: And Global Coherence
Project, Howard Martin's work,
I find really key in--
>> WEIDNER: Great stuff.
>> REGINA: --all of this,
because, as we were talking
about earlier, 30 years
ago, even before that,
thousands of years ago, it
was understood that our own
consciousness, our own
levels of compassion and love
and appreciation can
affect larger systems now.
They've set up these
devices, these antennas
of sorts that are able
to start discerning what
the frequencies-- they're
taking the resonant frequencies,
having people project their
feelings and thoughts,
and watching what's happening
to the resonant frequencies
of the land.
Talk a little bit about this,
because this is really critical
to understand the power we have.
>> WEIDNER: It is.
It's interesting that the word
earth is an anagram of heart.
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> WEIDNER: And then we think
about what the Q'ero told me
about going from the brain
to the heart as we're in this
transition.
Well, if we're
people of the brain,
like we are in
the United States,
and somebody from a
Native American tradition
is telling us that the heart is
more important than the brain,
we're obviously going to
say you're full of it.
The brain is obviously
superior to the heart.
But then a guy like
Martin comes along,
and he, using brain stuff,
proves that actually the heart
is more important
than the brain.
Well, then the brain finally
has to relent and say, wait
a minute.
I've been proven by brain
stuff that the heart is
more important than the brain
so that I've got to believe it.
So I believe that
there's going to be--
and they're already happening--
future intentional experiments
via the internet where
we create mass resonance.
>> REGINA: And
this is happening.
>> WEIDNER: It is happening.
>> REGINA: Global Coherence
is doing some of this--
>> WEIDNER: Absolutely.
>> REGINA: --and there
are other groups doing it.
>> WEIDNER: We need to have
thousands of groups doing it.
It should be going on every day.
And I think that
is one of the ways
that we're going to-- I don't
want to use the word defeat,
because it makes it
sound like a war.
>> REGINA: Transcend.
>> WEIDNER: Transcend
the powers that be.
And Jose Arguelles
used to say that 2012
is like you're in a pot of
boiling water on the stove,
and it's boiling furiously.
You're that water, and you're
like, what am I going to do?
I'm boiling-- getting
hotter and hotter.
I'm not boiling
furiously, I'm getting
hotter and hotter and hotter.
Then all of a sudden,
you hit boiling point,
and what happens?
You turn into steam,
and you transcend out
of your predicament
into another state
of energy, another vibration.
That's where we are right now.
We're transcending,
and it's not easy.
>> REGINA: It's not easy.
>> WEIDNER: No.
>> REGINA: It's not easy,
because it means letting go
of everything familiar,
everything we know of--
>> WEIDNER: It does.
>> REGINA: --not only each other
but ourselves and our world.
We have to simply let go.
And that's the famous
prophecy, isn't it?
>> WEIDNER: It is.
>> REGINA: The Hopi prophecy.
You let go.
You find yourself
swept down the river
after you let go of the
reeds, and you look around,
and you see who's there
with you, and you celebrate.
>> WEIDNER: That's right.
What I think is
going to happen now
is we're going to go to a
19th century rural world
with 20th century technology.
We're going to take
our iPads, and we're
going to go back to the country.
We're going to go
back into the woods.
We're going to go back
into growing our own food.
We're going to demand
community, pure water.
We're probably going to
pull the plug on-- there'll
be no television, because
everything will be internet.
There'll be no colleges
anymore, because everything
will be taught
through the internet
and through indigenous
ways of community teaching.
And as my friend
Gregg Braden likes
to say, we're going to come
out the other end of this,
we're all going to
look at each other,
really look at each other with
an embarrassed expression,
and say, what the
heck were we doing?
>> REGINA: What
were we thinking?
>> WEIDNER: What were
we thinking back then?
>> REGINA: But the nice thing
is this is becoming the common
view.
I ask people all the time,
I've been asking them
for many years, how
do you see it going?
And now-- for a long
time there-- I'd
say even five years ago-- there
were a lot of fence-sitters,
but I'm not seeing a lot
of fence-sitters anymore.
>> WEIDNER: They're
not allowed anymore.
>> REGINA: No.
There's a tipping point
that is occurring,
because each of the people,
and myself included when I do
my own internal journeys-- what
I see of the future is more
like if you want to use the word
1,000 years of peace or however
many thousand years of peace,
but I see the very same thing,
this whole going back into
nature and being responsible
for food, being responsible
for our health care--
>> WEIDNER: Children.
>> REGINA: --taking care
of ourselves, our children.
>> WEIDNER: Yeah.
>> REGINA: We have only
a few seconds left.
What's your final
wisdom on this?
>> WEIDNER: As my Irish
grandmother used to say,
may ye be alive at
the end of the world.
>> REGINA: [LAUGHS]
There you go.
We hope you've
enjoyed this overview
of the historical roots of
the visions regarding 2012.
To learn more about
Jay's work, you
can go to
sacredmysteries.com, where
you can learn about his books,
his articles, his films,
and much more.
Until next time, thank you for
joining us here on Gaiam TV.